= How Many Of These Are Done? =

Dungeonomicon 

"Charactonomicon/Why no Open Lock skills?" section missing. 
"Castles and Manors" title should be larger. 
"Spellbooks" should be in the Magic chapter (IMO). 
Remove "Open Lock" from the skill lists. 
The following subtitles are missing for no discernible reason: "Heroes in the Greek Sense", "Making Sense of the Gold Standard", "The G of Life Continues", "Diversity in Top Predators", "Things to Talk About" 

--- 

Races of War 

Shouldn't "Forward" be "Foreword"? 
"Powerful Monsters As PCs, or 'Beholder Mages That Don’t Make Us Cry.'" was a title. 
"Warriors with Class" section missing - important for the "some classes are short" explanation, though I actually don't see why the knight couldn't have 20 levels. 
Preview Dragon and Sample Units missing. 

--- 

Tome of Fiends 

In "How Black is the Night", a colon's missing after "Necromancy". 
The CoC sections for Barbarian/Knight/Monk are anachronic now (but maybe they could be left as examples if the reference to PHB classes is emphasized). 
In Fiendish PrCs, the "Here are some classes ..." reads exceedingly strangely because obviously the classes aren't right there. 
Broker of the Infernal uses "as shown below" because there was a table, that wasn't ported - and it's actually better to say "at least half their CR" and forget it. 
Burning Pits of Rebirth section missing. 
"Assuming the Face of Evil" subtitle missing. 

--- 

Tome of Necromancy 

The Introduction, as all others, should be trashed. 
"Implications", after the Moral Options, should be larger. 
Necromantic PrCs: "to use" should have no colon due to its position. 
"necromatic" appears at multiple places in the file. 
"The [Healing] subschool:" was bolded. 
Locations of Necromantic Importance should be in the Adventures chapter (IMO). 
Finality was repeated in the ToF, with a more complete text, so delete it from Locations of Necromantic Importance, because it's already elsewhere. 
Necromantic Equipment missing (I do know it's not a trivial inclusion). 


--- 

Book of Gears 
The Modrons have an uniformly more complete writeup here. 
The following subtitles are missing for no discernible reason: "Swag That You Brag About", "It Was Like This When We Found It", "Spending the Loot", "Bat Caves & Black Holes". 

--- 

The "Preview" in Feytouched makes no sense anymore. 
High Adventure in Ysgard and Blood Flows Like Sap from the previews in the ToF thread, missing (but they aren't trivial either). 
The ToV preview here also is an entire readable section, and has been variously solicited, so I can only figure it might merit inclusion. The rogue, on the other hand, isn't feasible. 

--- 

Marshal still has the BAB error. 
The shadow warrior's spell is blacklight, not darklight (though the author of the mistake, incidentally, is myself ).