#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= Introduction =

This is a page that I am starting to clarify what portions of the Tomes are licensed under which code, since there are several portions of it, and because of where we are hosting this project.


= Google Code Hosting =

Google Code hosting is primarily intended for the hosting of projects that are creating new code; this project is rather concerned with using existing code (the LaTeX distribution) to publish new _content_. Google allows for several types of code licensing, including GPL, BSD, Apache, and others, but only two types of content licensing: Creative Commons SA, and Creative Commons BY-SA.

The only _code_ we are arguably writing is new definitions for LaTeX functions (\half, \third, etc), but this is a minor portion of our effort. Since we are not explicitly releasing these separately, they arguably are a part of the Work as whole.

Currently, our "code" is licensed under the GPL and our content is licensed under the CC BY-SA license.

For the purposes of this discussion, "original authors" refers specifically to anyone who has contributed content or code to this project, as stated in the credits.tex file.

= What You May Do with the Tomes as they stand: =

You may:

Freely copy and distribute both the unmodified source code and the compiled PDF files, in any manner that you like, as long you credit the original authors. Distributing the source code and/or PDF unmodified suffices in most cases, as the credits are included in the source. If you provide links to download either the source code or the compiled PDF, you must also provide a link to this page, and optionally the Gaming Den.

Freely modify the source code and distribute it, as long as you make clear that this is not an officially sanctioned fork of this project, unless you have gotten prior permission to ignore this requirement. If you modify and redistribute the source code from this project, you must link back to this page and provide credit to the original authors. It is not required that you backport changes that you make to the code base upstream, but it is recommended and encouraged.





= What Needs to Happen =

If we are looking at having this manual be a serious publication at any point in the future, contributors, whether here or at the Gaming Den, need to be willing to have their contributions released under the CC BY-SA license.

Alternatively, people need to propose an alternate licensing scheme that this can be released under, though my understanding is that Frank is perfectly happy with CC licensing.