#summary It's a short list of things that need to be/ought to be/would be great if they could be...
done short term (as in, soonish.) I'm working on checking things off this list, but I suck at writing, so put out the call.

= MOAR DETAILS: =

*- we need to decide if skill points in classes are going to be broken up into two sets: 4+Int mod and add a note in the overall classes heading, or 4+Int modx4 at first level and 4+int mod every level thereafter.* I prefer option 2.

- ADD SOME GODDAMN FLAVOR TEXT to the Cleric, Druid, Rogue, and Wizard. Also a short description.

- keep an eye on Frank's Totemist. Maybe format it for LaTeX now and update as he adds more soulmelds. http://www.tgdmb.com/viewtopic.php?t=50483

- Someone seriously needs to write fluff for the SRD formatted shit. I'm not kidding. I understand that it's just rules but it is just not that interesting. Make it so.

- pray for my soul, or for me to win the lottery so I can work on this full time. 


= FOR LATERZ =

- Find some free art. Seriously. This book needs pictures. At least one for each of the classes, and ideally one for all of the prestige classes. Then, (or maybe first) if you're so inclined, figure out how to include them in LaTeX - I don't know if it's possible or not, so find out.

- trawl through the forums for all F&K classes, loose ends, etc. Make sure it's all in there.

- get a mod on our side so we can move shit around on the Gaming Den website, because I'm losing track of all of this shit. Maybe clone it and then post it to a wiki or something. Way laterz.

= Moar Rulez =

Some parts of the rules are incomplete, and need to have things created for them, or the existing rules need to be mashed together in a workable way.

-Spells: Frank at some point said that spells should be heightened automagically, for free! Just like the spheres get.  If we concur with this, it needs to be mentioned once a proper spell chapter is written.

-Metamagic Feats: Frank&K seem to have intended for Metamagic spells to scale with the highest level spell you could cast like [Combat] feats and BAB.  But we never got an example.  A cohesive concept for this needs to be found and implemented. Unless of course we ignore this and stick with old-skool metamagic.  But it would be preferable that metamagic would be compatible with spheres somehow.

-Mundane Equipment: The Mundane equipment tables aren't really complete.  They need prices at minimum.  Also, some of the "mundane" equipment seems rather magical, leading to....

-Magic Items: The basic premise was already spelled out by frank and K, but no solid examples.  The Den as a whole seems to have a basic idea of how it should work, it just all needs to be written out.

-Mini Games: The Mass Combat Mini Game could use a bit of fleshing out, even though it works as is.  Also, other mini games?  There's been talk of making a social combat system.  That would be _rad_.

-Monster Classes: The concept of generic-ish classes for monstrous players and NPCs is great.  But we have, what, three (Genie being a copy of one of those, really)?  I think the three [Fiendish] classes could be made into more generic [Outsider] classes; Conduit of The Planes, True Outsider, and Otherworldly Brute.  You could extend the Traits lists so you could select a trait for each of the outer planes, each of the elemental planes, and the shadow plane (Positive and Negative planes too?).

  After doing that, we probably want at least _a_ class for other Types.  Construct, Dragon, Elemental, and Undead notably.  Humanoids, Monstrous Humanoids, and Giants should probably be stuck with with actual classes, there's no thematic reason for a Bigass Giant not to simply start grabbing levels of barbarian instead of getting levels of "Giant Wanker" or whatever. The other unmentioned types usually advance in HD, it seems. 

= ONGOING =

- keep an eye out for errors, and don't be afraid to commit - the great thing about SVN is that we can resolve conflicts.

- keep formatting SRD text - it should all go in at some point. But. ADD FLAVA! (no gold teeth, please)